.TH LIBCOOPGAMMA_GET_CRTCS_RECV 3 LIBCOOPGAMMA
.SH "NAME"
libcoopgamma_get_crtcs_recv - Receive a list of all available CRTC:s
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.nf
#include <libcoopgamma.h>

char **libcoopgamma_get_crtcs_recv(libcoopgamma_context_t *restrict \fIctx\fP,
                                   libcoopgamma_async_context_t *restrict \fIasync\fP);
.fi
.P
Link with
.IR -lcoopgamma .
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The
.BR libcoopgamma_get_crtcs_recv ()
function parses the response for the requests
sent using the
.BR libcoopgamma_get_crtcs_send ()
function with the same
.I ctx
and
.I async
arguments. The
.I async
must have been selected by the last call to the
.BR libcoopgamma_synchronise (3)
function.
.SH "RETURN VALUES"
Upon successful completion, the
.BR libcoopgamma_get_crtcs_recv ()
function returns a
.I NULL
terminated
list of all available CRTC:s. If possible,
the CRTC:s are named by the connected
monitors' EDID:s. None of the elements can
contain a NUL or LF byte. The elements in
the list are subpointers of the returned
pointer. The user shall free the returned
pointer, which effectively frees all its
elements. On error,
.I NULL
is returned and
.I errno
is set appropriately.
.SH "ERRORS"
The
.BR libcoopgamma_get_crtcs_recv ()
function may fail for any reason specified for
.BR malloc (3).
The function may also fail for the following reasons:
.TP
.B EBADMSG
The received message was corrupt.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR libcoopgamma_async_context_destroy (3),
.BR libcoopgamma_synchronise (3),
.BR libcoopgamma_get_crtcs_send (3),
.BR libcoopgamma_get_crtcs_sync (3),
.BR libcoopgamma_get_gamma_info_recv (3),
.BR libcoopgamma_get_gamma_recv (3),
.BR libcoopgamma_set_gamma_recv (3)
