.TH LIBCOOPGAMMA_GET_GAMMA_INFO_RECV 3 LIBCOOPGAMMA
.SH "NAME"
libcoopgamma_get_gamma_info_recv - Receive metainformation about a CRTC's gamma ramps
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.nf
#include <libcoopgamma.h>

int libcoopgamma_get_gamma_info_recv(libcoopgamma_crtc_info_t *restrict \fIinfo\fP,
                                     libcoopgamma_context_t *restrict \fIctx\fP,
                                     libcoopgamma_async_context_t *restrict \fIasync\fP);
.fi
.P
Link with
.IR -lcoopgamma .
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The
.BR libcoopgamma_get_gamma_info_recv ()
function parses the response for the requests
sent using the
.BR libcoopgamma_get_gamma_info_send ()
function with the same
.I ctx
and
.I async
arguments. The
.I async
must have been selected by the last call to the
.BR libcoopgamma_synchronise (3)
function.
.P
The information about the CRTC's gamma ramps
will be stored in
.IR *info .
In particular,
.I info->cooperative
will be set to nonzero (actually 1) if there is
a coopgamma server running,
.I info->supported
will be set to
.IR LIBCOOPGAMMA_NO ,
.IR LIBCOOPGAMMA_MAYBE ,
or
.IR LIBCOOPGAMMA_YES ,
which ever describes the state of gamma ramp
support on the CRTC. Unless
.I info->supported
is
.IR LIBCOOPGAMMA_NO ,
the following will also be set:
.TP
.I info->red_size
The number of stops on the red gamma ramp.
.TP
.I info->green_size
The number of stops on the green gamma ramp.
.TP
.I info->blue_size
The number of stops on the blue gamma ramp.
.TP
.I info->depth
Describes the gamma ramp types used for the CRTC.
.SH "RETURN VALUES"
Upon successful completion, the
.BR libcoopgamma_get_gamma_info_recv ()
function returns 0. On error, -1 is returned and
.I errno
is set appropriately.
.SH "ERRORS"
The
.BR libcoopgamma_get_gamma_info_recv ()
function may fail for any reason specified for
.BR malloc (3).
The function may also fail for the following reasons:
.TP
.B EBADMSG
The received message was corrupt.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR libcoopgamma.h (0),
.BR libcoopgamma_crtc_info_initialise (3),
.BR libcoopgamma_async_context_destroy (3),
.BR libcoopgamma_synchronise (3),
.BR libcoopgamma_get_gamma_info_send (3),
.BR libcoopgamma_get_gamma_info_sync (3),
.BR libcoopgamma_get_crtcs_recv (3),
.BR libcoopgamma_get_gamma_recv (3),
.BR libcoopgamma_set_gamma_recv (3)
